**Settings**


# System
In the left menu bar, select "Settings" - "System" to enter the "Overview" page:

Login Type
1. Local Log in
2. LDAP/Microsoft Active Directory: If selected, the “LDAP Configuration” tab will appear.
3. OAuth2
>「Note」Multiple login methods can be configured.
+ DNS domain (OpenStack)	   Add a DNS domain, you can add one or more (optional)
+ A domain name consists of a multi-level domain name such as root domain name, top-level domain, second-level, third-level, etc. Each domain name consists of letters, numbers, and hyphens (-) (the first character cannot be a hyphen) and is not case-sensitive and no more than 63 characters. A full domain name has a total length of no more than 255 characters and must end with a dot. After the configuration is successful, you can configure secondary and tertiary domain names in the OpenStack resource bundle.
>「Note」DNS domain name needs to be configured on the DNS server. If not, it will report an error when applying for service.


# Notifications

## SMTP configuration

Go to the menu "Settings" - "Notifications". On the SMTP Configuration tab, you can configure the SMTP configuration that the current tenant can access.

The following information can be filled in the SMTP configuration:

  Basic Information     |Description
  :------------:|: ------------:
  Use SSL     | Use SSL for current SMTP
  SMTP server  | SMTP server address
  Port        | SMTP port number
  Username      | Username
  Password        | Password
  Sender      | Default sender 

After the configuration is complete, you can click "Verify Settings", the system will automatically send a test email to the current account's email address according to the configuration to verify whether the SMTP server is working.

## SMS Configuration

Go to the menu "Settings" - "Notifications". In the "SMS Configuration" tab, you can fill in the SMS (short message) configuration that the current tenant can access.

  Basic Information     |Description
  :---:|:---:
  Username      | Username
  Password        | Password
  SMS server |  SMS server address
  Port     |   SMS port

## Enterprise WeChat

In the menu "Settings" - "Notifications", in the "Enterprise WeChat Configuration" tab, the tenant administrator can configure the information about the current tenant enterprise WeChat.

 Basic Information     |Description
  :---:|:---: 
 Enterprise ID | View in the enterprise WeChat management background "My Business" → "Enterprise Information"
 Application ID | The unique Agent ID of each application, please view it in the enterprise WeChat management background "Applications and applets" → "Applications"
 Application Keys | Each application has a separate access key. Please view it under the “Applications and Applets”→“Applications” in the enterprise WeChat management background.

## DingTalk
Go to the menu "Settings" - "Notifications". In the "DingTalk Configuration" tab, the tenant administrator can configure the information about the current tenant’s DingTalk.

 Basic Information     |Description
  :---:|:---:
 Application ID |When the application ID is used to create an application, the system automatically generates an Agent Id, which can be used to send scenarios such as enterprise session messages.
 Application Secret |When the application is created, it is automatically generated by the system together with the application key.
 Application Key  |When the application is created, the system automatically assigns it, which is the unique identifier in the application development process.

# Menu


When you access a third-party system or an extended system (such as access to Baidu, JD, Azure bills, dashboards), the menu configuration makes the access menu more flexible.

In the menu configuration you can define a variety of dashboards, you can also access the external system, and freely choose the extended menu, the following describes the specific operation method.

## Add a Menu Configuration

The menu configuration can define a variety of dashboards and access to a variety of different third-party systems. The defined dashboards and extensions will be assigned to different roles based on defined permissions and flexibly presented based on defined locations.

1. Click "Settings" - "Menu", click Add, in the "Add Menu Configuration" tab, enter the name, description, type (select Meta base for access to the dashboard, select external URL for access to third-party systems) , location, URL parameters, role (select a role that can access this menu), status (select whether to enable or disable the menu). 

You have the flexibility to choose where to extend the menu, for example: 

Add extension menu Baidu, location selection

-  Before system management (system management is a first-level menu), Baidu is also a first-level menu in front of the system management menu.

-  Located in system management (system management is a first-level menu), Baidu is a secondary menu built into the system management menu.

-  After system management (system management is a first-level menu), Baidu is also a first-level menu behind the system management menu.

2. Click Submit. The menu configuration list displays all the currently added dashboards, displaying the dashboard name, description, ULR source, URL parameters, role (you can view the role of the dashboard), status, creation time, and so on.

## Edit and Delete Menu Configuration

Click "Settings" - "Menu", click Edit, and edit the extended menu information in the "Edit Menu Configuration" tab.

Click "Settings" - "Menu", click delete to delete the extended menu. 

#Report

The report configuration function provides users with more various types of reports to form an extensible report module, which supports administrators to define report functions freely and flexibly.

+ Supports custom report viewing permissions for different roles, sets the status of the report (enabled, disabled), and chooses to assign reports to a role for viewing, such as tenant members, business group administrators, software architects, and custom roles.

+ After the configuration is completed, you can view the corresponding report in Resource Analysis - Report.

#Audits


Supports records of user access and operation information. The tenant administrator and sysadmin have this permission by default.

Click "Settings" - "Audits" in the left navigation bar to see the operation record under the tenant. Displays the operator, operation object, operation name, operation parameters, status, and operation time. You can use the "Advanced Search" to quickly filter and locate, supporting operator, status, operation object, start and end time screening, or use the common search function.




